[Music]
very good my dearest lovers of the
heart how are you? you know that
yesterday there were very strong rumors about
Marta Riesgo's participation with
Antonio Dhabi's defense on the plate. On
the return, Anton was on the plate,
basically at 35 not very strong, not on
Twitter, it was heard a lot, but both
Antonio Lavin and Marta Riesgo have
denied it, Marta Disco on the program she
works on and Antonio David on his
social networks.
Despite this, there are people who continue to
claim the vouchers. Mike who posted this
tweet. I don't know if it was previous, I think it is
prior to the cantonal one and he would deny it. A
very reliable source has leaked that
Marta A Riesgo and Antonio David Flores
are now negotiating with Paolo Vasile
to go to Survivors 2022. Let's
see, a very reliable source also the
journalist who leaked it, the journalist
who started with the news, the journalist
starts to say it, according to what he tells
me, when he has dared to say it, it is
because there is something, okay, we have to keep
in mind that  maybe we don't reach an
agreement we have to keep in mind that
maybe it's not what is being considered but it
's not entirely what is being said so we're
going to be careful, for example if
Mike says this I trust
Maika more than for example
Malta's word said Anton himself has seen it as
clear I say no this doesn't mean that
I believe one believes I think that there is something
okay but well for now they have both
denied it Anton was careful
because Antonia Bis denies two
news one denies Enrique's it
seems very ugly to me that a colleague
with whom you have confidence and such not that they have
collaborated with you well man if there is
a bad vibe well if not but well
that Enrique denies it Antonio David
Flores could abandon his
YouTube channel this news is false
here he is denying before David
that he is going to abandon or that he could
abandon his YouTube channel
okay here he is denying that he could
abandon his YouTube channel here he
is not denying that he could
collaborate the survivor and then we have
this other news  false
also antonio david flores is negotiating his
possible participation in survivor
here they are here he is denying that he
was going to participate in survivor
because not only are they going to offer
so few also I tell you no here he
is not denying that marta riesgo was the one
who was negotiating
okay according to what we were talking about
yesterday according to what I can understand the
idea would be that she was the one
being invited that would
make sense to me that they offered it to her it
would make sense to me okay and that she would be
demanding that she would accept
in which he defends her on set
at the moment antonio david that is not what he
has denied it calls my
attention because he takes and denies
enrique and with the environment this news
on television instead of going
directly to the source of all the
people who were on the internet and all
the media that were yesterday mentioning
the news they deny this about enrique and
the other one does not
deny the one who is saying
should deny the one who is saying that
marta riesgo would participate in
survivor with you okay but well
each one thinks what  Let
everyone think what they want, higher
risk, she denies it flatly, she
says that she's afraid of the plane, that she
won't feel on a trampoline, that she would
have a lot of art according to her, okay, she would
have a lot of art in the program and that it would
be a lot of play but that it's not
impossible, that she's very calm
doing what she does, dedicating herself to what she does, that
at the moment she doesn't
plan to move, there's also an atmosphere,
save me,
there's the information that there is at the moment,
they both have denied it, he for his part
denies it and she for her part says that there are
zero possibilities, I have my
thoughts, maybe it could be that they haven't
reached an agreement, although not
economically, it's about economics, but that
she has said, well, if he doesn't come before
David, no, and that the network has said,
Anton was here, he can't come, okay, and
then they haven't reached an
agreement, but well, at the moment they both
deny it, she has to go, she doesn't deny
that there is, she's not even in
negotiations, Antonia Bis denies that he is
going to compete and that he is going to abandon his
YouTube channel, she
doesn't deny that they are leaving, she offered to Marta and
that he could have defended her, I  I still
think that he wants television, that he would
want to return to television if he had the
opportunity and when he can he will do it, okay,
I still think that but it is a
personal opinion, the truth is that people have
taken this news badly if it is true
migration that for the moment I
tell you that it has been denied by both
on the one hand there is the fuchsia tide that would be
angry with telecinco for having
antonio david there and they would
even be talking about boycotting
survivor
and on the other hand there would be the blue tide
that
would be very upset if anthony davis
agreed to work among 5 again
after everything that has been done
a very curious fact is that jorge javier it
is said that he will not be the presenter of
survivors I do not know to what extent
this is
confirmed but if so this would be
another loose end that we could tie up
but well for now let's go let's
go and let's focus on what
the main sources have said
buenafuente the protagonists not because they would
not be the source because the source has
been a journalist who brings it out we
are going to focus on what the
protagonists deny it okay
before opening it denies and Marta riesgo
also denies this we will see with the
passage of time if it is said it is not said if
this does not look bad okay also I tell you it
could be that it has been negotiated and that
no one reaches an agreement that
could also be but well for now it seems
that we will not have the show that
we were talking about and that hey I also
would have liked that salsa would have
given okay family I will be reading you or I
send you a huge hug
[Music]